XForceExchange - Added reliability (#11884)
demisto/content: Packs/XForceExchange/Integrations/XFE_v2/README.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| url | Server URL (e.g. https://api.xforce.ibmcloud.com) | True |
| credentials | API Key | True |

> | Source Reliability | Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data. The default value is B - Usually reliable. | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source Reliability | Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data. The default value is C - Fairly reliable. | True |
```
